Security in IT is the defense of digital information against internal and external, malicious and random threats. There are 2 types of IT security:
1)	Physical security. 
2)	Information security.

Malware is software designed to cause damage to computer systems or steal data. Main types of malware include:
	A virus - is a program that attaches to other software and infects computer when you use this software.
	A worm - is a program that duplicates itself over a network, often causing slowing down of the network.
	A Trojan - is a program that looks safe but can cause damage to your computer.

There are several ways to become infected with malware.
	Malware can be attached to email
	Downloading software from unknown websites.
	Malware can infects your computer through infected USB drives

Here are some ways to avoid computer infections:
	Install and keep updated anti-virus software and firewall protection.
	Do not download programs from unknown sites
	Keep your operating system and software updated with the latest version of security service.

Cyberwarfare attacks refer to acts of using computer technology to launch attacks on other countries or organizations. These attacks can damage computer systems and steal vital information.

Cyber weapons are tools or programs used in these attacks. It is a software designed to abuse Weaknesses in a computer system or network.

Social engineering refers to the use of psychological manipulation to trick people into sharing confidential information. There are several methods that social engineers use. 
	Phishing - emails or messages that try look legal, but are designed to trick people into sharing confidential information.
	Vishing(voice phishing), which is similar to phishing but uses voice communication instead of email.
	Smishing(short for SMS phishing) SMS or text messages designed to trick people into clicking on a link or sharing personal information.

Encryption is a technique used to convert simple or understandable data into an encrypted form to protect data from unauthorized access. There are two main types of encryption: Symmetric encryption, asymmetric encryption. Encryption matters because it helps protect confidential information.

